[4.0.0] Adding Enabling reCAPTCHA for Logins task Docs (#5074)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/install-and-setup/setup/security/logins-and-passwords/configuring-recaptcha-for-single-sign-on.md

# Configuring reCaptcha for Single Sign On

This topic guides you through configuring reCaptcha for the single sign
on flow. By configuring reCaptcha, you can mitigate or block brute force
attacks.

!!! Info 
    -   For more information on configuring single sign on, see [Configuring
    Single Sign-On With SAML2]({{base_path}}/reference/customize-product/extending-api-manager/saml2-sso/configuring-single-sign-on-with-saml2).
    -   For more information on brute force attacks, see [Mitigating Brute
    Force Attacks](https://is.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/administer/mitigating-brute-force-attacks/).

1.  Set up reCaptcha with the WSO2 API Manager. For instructions on
    how to do this and more information about reCaptcha, see [Setting Up
    ReCaptcha]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/security/logins-and-passwords/setting-up-recaptcha).

> 2.  Start the API Manager and login to the management console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Start the API Manager and sign in to the Management Console.
```
